src/content/hobbies/jewelry/tentaclering/tentaclering.md, before:

---
sort: 10
title: "Tentacle Ring"
description: "A ring in the shape of a tentacle, made from cast silver"
startDate: "2013"
updatedDate: "2024-10-22"
lastActiveDate: "2013"
heroImage: "tentaclering03.jpg"
tags: ["jewelry", "ring", "silver"]
---

<div class="hobbySection">
    <h2>Tentacle Ring (cast silver)</h2>
    <p>This is a ring in the shape of a tentacle that I cast in pure silver using a lost-plastic technique.</p>
    <p>I designed the ring in Blender and 3D printed it in PLA on my old printer. Then I attached sprues and set it in
        plaster of Paris. Then I carefully baked that upside down in the oven until all the plastic had a chance to drip
        out. I did it at a low temperature to prevent scorching the plastic and leaving residue behind. Later, I melted
        some pure silver in a ceramic kiln and poured it into the pre-heated mold. Nothing exploded, and it basically
        came out ok. I cleaned it up and smoothed the surface a bit, and that was that. It could have come out better,
        but the recipient was happy with it in this condition.</p>
</div>

Commit message:

add options for gallery sorting; cleanup content md

src/content/hobbies/jewelry/tentaclering/tentaclering.md, after:

---
sort: 10
title: "Tentacle Ring"
description: "A ring in the shape of a tentacle, made from cast silver"
startDate: "2013"
updatedDate: "2024-10-22"
lastActiveDate: "2013"
heroImage: "tentaclering03.jpg"
tags:
    - jewelry
    - ring
    - silver
mediaCaptionsByFilename:
    - [tentaclering02.jpg, Tentacle ring ]
    - [tentaclering03.jpg, Tentacle ring ]
    - [tentaclering01.jpg, Tentacle ring ]
sortMainGalleryBy: captionList
---

This is a ring in the shape of a tentacle that I cast in pure silver using a lost-plastic technique.

I designed the ring in Blender and 3D printed it in PLA on my old printer. Then I attached sprues and set it in
        plaster of Paris. Then I carefully baked that upside down in the oven until all the plastic had a chance to drip
        out. I did it at a low temperature to prevent scorching the plastic and leaving residue behind. Later, I melted
        some pure silver in a ceramic kiln and poured it into the pre-heated mold. Nothing exploded, and it basically
        came out ok. I cleaned it up and smoothed the surface a bit, and that was that. It could have come out better,
        but the recipient was happy with it in this condition.
