src/content/blog/web.mdx, before:

---
sort: 0
title: "On the Web"
description: "I finally got around to building this website to show off some of my work and hobbies."
updatedDate: "2024-11-09"
publicationDate: "2024-11-09"
tags: ["web", "dev"]
---

### Wow, look at this! I'm finally here!
I've been wanting to build a website for myself for a super long time, and thanks to <MDLink href="https://pages.github.com/" caption="Github Pages"/>,
 <MDLink href="https://astro.build/" caption="Astro"/>,
 <MDLink href="https://daisyui.com/" caption="daisyUI"/>,
 <MDLink href="https://tailwindcss.com/" caption="tailwindcss"/>,
 and <MDLink href="https://astrofy-template.netlify.app/" caption="Astrofy Template"/>, it's finally up and running.

If you know me, you know I have a well-rounded developer skillset, but that also means I eventually get out of date in some areas if I focus more on others.
 This was a nice opportunity for me to refresh myself a little on web technologies during some downtime.
I had to add a lot of features and customizations on top of the basic Astrofy Template, so I really learned a lot about how all of the above mentioned tools work.

Commit message:

changed contact confirmation from redirect to content modification

src/content/blog/web.mdx, after:

---
sort: 0
title: "On the Web"
description: "I finally got around to building this website to show off some of my work and hobbies."
updatedDate: "2024-11-19"
publicationDate: "2024-11-09"
tags: ["web", "dev"]
---

### Wow, look at this! I'm finally here!
I've been wanting to build a website for myself for a super long time, and thanks to <MDLink href="https://pages.github.com/" caption="Github Pages"/>,
 <MDLink href="https://astro.build/" caption="Astro"/>,
 <MDLink href="https://daisyui.com/" caption="daisyUI"/>,
 <MDLink href="https://tailwindcss.com/" caption="tailwindcss"/>,
 and <MDLink href="https://astrofy-template.netlify.app/" caption="Astrofy Template"/>, it's finally up and running.

If you know me, you know I have a well-rounded developer skillset, but that also means I eventually get out of date in some areas if I focus more on others.
 This was a nice opportunity for me to refresh myself a little on web technologies during some downtime.
I had to add a lot of features and customizations on top of the basic Astrofy Template, so I really learned a lot about how all of the above mentioned tools work.

### UPDATE - 19.11.2024
For the contact form, I wanted to hide my email address (of course), so I looked at some options for accepting contact forms and sending corresponding (hah) emails.
In the end, I decided to roll my own AWS Lambda for this purpose. In order to prevent abuse, I wanted to use recaptcha, but then I thought "Google - meh..." and implemented
<MDLink href="https://friendlycaptcha.com/"caption="Friendly Captcha"/> instead. To send the emails, I initially used GMail, because it's free and fairly easy to do.
However, I couldn't use a custom domain and sender-email address, so I switched to <MDLink href="https://www.mailgun.com/" caption="Mailgun"/>.

So, the client-side basically just renders the captcha widget, which collects a special token from the Friendly Captcha servers,
and then calls the AWS Lambda function with the special token and contact form data.
The Lambda function does the following:
  - validate the request data to prevent abuse
  - call to Friendly Captcha's API to see if the provided special token is valid
  - call to Mailgun's API to send me the contact form data via email
  - call to Mailgun's API to send a confirmation email to the email address provided in the contact form
  On success, the client side redirects to a confirmation page.
